that's why we are in the common cooperative
a group of rural workers and that the employees of the bank is prepared
to face which will be destined to bitter
look then I have it in my hands
rita marmalade
for that and the end beginning in order to come out nothing
the queen of england I think regular sees her coming galloped that
still imperfect
bitter orange so that they arrived in the Atlantic 0
We stayed at the factory that the carla cooperative
in total they have killed passing hot food but it does not matter to port for it makes
everything smells like orange and sugar
and we will have that we are delighted model that I like the first step to
the jam that selects the best orange
and that's the responsibility of the wheel they pass and in Milan up to 24 hours
working
since the question how much in álava go through your hand for it I think that
it would be back ball
but so it's really not about selecting the best of the best for the
girl
here they passed
we are used to
the complaint could
while she passes
Alfoces of the catwalk goalie in which it is so hot here in the
transportation from a counter to the sense spain a little bit eat coma
sent the marmalade terra
to press freedom is analyzing 21-25 and 15-10 abandonment level of what
otherwise they will end up on the map
in fact we will continue to clean studying it very complicated
cooperative
being here for there
As we are working right now, we are going to have to download a
staircase to be able to continue seeing the cerati factory takes advantage and now it is very
great another interesting thing the huge bridge because the cooperative more
important of all andalusia
we are going to look over there because otherwise we will not try
is going to be a problem but amaya decanting that here spend seven
millions of bitter orange that will travel around the world to become mm
Lara liked to say that he must have burned to the ground but I think he's going to go to hell
jugglers if we surprises
after the orange alert call that many more companies
we will continue to see the aquesta pablo factory to tell us all this
secret and I had been telling Pablo that the street did not whistle as they collect costs the
orange that falls precisely to a million there are really farmers that
they are engaged in collecting that orange
if there are let's say that all grenade the street a
second quality
despite recognizing that a way to take advantage of it
but the first quality lullaby in the work of farmers in the area
and at quite fairly short prices because they continue to maintain this production
is the best way since the mission was again ah1n1
well I want you to believe me because the maracucha also there are many
baskets
directly to an affront to a company that takes it the queen of england
with his seal even happens to us let's say that we are suppliers
the official supplier of the queen of england
and inapam is not great and he tricks me no one taught him an annotated dance in
the year 90 and nose still
young people santiago - the orange that was trying to catch
ends on the cover of the Queen of England would be eternal after a blockade
and oppression
that day they are for sale on the internet that they can not
regueiro they throw to the street to distribute the until moments I have now member in
I stop so we have a little bit how we got to jam you have to say already
through the time you have left more when you force
and the orange hour will separate it
Rodriguez and what they are
the orange peel not so that people understand what the peel
and the fault the shell is going to cut
I do not know if the field is fine is still not official and the boss of the thing
nostra
Community countries exactly after
madrid marco cheek where she was married
is going to cut
and then it will go up
above
where we have the mixers
where they are going to mix with the yemen fist is a very silly question very
silly because they separate I do not go home and we will try to open it clear season
because you could not then spokesman
the 'box b' in conditions would be made a mass because not much of the law
short life as when will not prevail marmalade and against maria gatica
tiny little girl and we are not currently good and nice tarma
is trying to imagine the national opera obama pointed
because how to dance the company very big but
has had the luxury of preparing a little brunette so that we
let's see well
it's complicated to do here we have it
what in most
the product that worked
Venezuela
CC works more skeptical
in drums of 200
Gil Ortiz were to support in the arch of Monetti true they will be future jam and
will be the image that will be based in England
serra and yolanda
in germany villarán undertake the wounded of bullet this notary angelo lorenzo ni
crazy all of a sudden from injury injuries round added
but by Teresa
direct profit
we do not want to try everything
it hurts us
oscillating nezahualcóyotl with which also if we do not put it on the face
He cited Naomi
tan was obvious as to work bitter I think it will also make me deserve
I did not do it because
Perishing here not only do bitter orange work look
without air with this flavor life and sweet orange change
come to do look now we have so much reflection
20 million liters of vitamin C went to messi
once perfect to combat them and enter the products that we work from
cooperative
We are a hundred percent juice manufacturer
and we make around 20 million liters
it's so it does not affect me
abbot so the most
jamaica more in children's schedule fernando excessive madoery final
just because he has understood nothing
rp in addition to paying we are
to close spaces Pablo Larrazabal
employment and also
the
p